{\rtf1\ansi\deff5
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Helv;}{\f1\fnil Chicago;}{\f2\fnil Geneva;}{\f3\fnil Monaco;}{\f4\fnil Times;}{\f5\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f6\fnil Courier;}{\f7\fnil Symbol;}}
{\stylesheet{\fs24 \snext0 Normal;}
}\pard\plain
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC16}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents;index;procedures;topics}
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0001}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Reversi Help Index}
\pard\sa115\sl-275\li115 \b\fs24 Reversi Help Index\plain\fs24 
\par \pard\sl-235\li115 \fs20 The Index lists all Reversi Help topics. Use the scroll bar to see more entries.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115 To learn how to use Help, press F1 or choose Using Help from the Help menu.
\par \pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b Keyboard\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li515\fi-235 \uldb Playing Reversi with the Keyboard\plain\fs20 {\v TOPIC17}
\par \pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b Commands\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li515\fi-235 \uldb Game Menu Commands\plain\fs20 {\v TOPIC19}
\par \uldb Skill Menu Commands\plain\fs20 {\v TOPIC20}
\par \pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b Procedures\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li515\fi-235 \uldb Playing the Game\plain\fs20 {\v TOPIC21}
\par \uldb Rules of the Game\plain\fs20 {\v TOPIC22}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC17}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} cross;direction keys;keys;moving;Spacebar}
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0002}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Playing Reversi with the Keyboard}
\pard\sa115\sl-275\li115 \b\fs24 Playing Reversi with the Keyboard\plain\fs24 
\par \pard\sl-235\li115 \fs20 Use the following keys to play Reversi:
\par \pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li2135\fi-2015\brdrb\brdrs\tx2635 \b Key(s)\tab Function\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\fi-2035\tx2155 direction keys\tab Move the pointer.
\par Enter or Spacebar\tab Makes a move.
\par \pard\sb115\sa15\sl-235\li115 Related Topics
\par \pard\sl-235\li355\fi-235 \uldb Playing the Game\plain\fs20 {\v TOPIC21}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC18}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} commands;menus}
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0003}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Reversi Commands}
\pard\sa115\sl-275\li115 \b\fs24 Reversi Commands\plain\fs24 
\par \pard\sl-235\li115 \fs20 To get help with a command, choose the appropriate menu.
\par \pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115 \uldb \b Game Menu Commands\plain\b\fs20 {\v TOPIC19}
\par \pard\sl-235\li515\fi-235 \plain\fs20 Hint
\par Pass
\par New
\par Exit
\par \pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115 \uldb \b Skill Menu Commands\plain\b\fs20 {\v TOPIC20}
\par \pard\sl-235\li515\fi-235 \plain\fs20 Beginner
\par Novice
\par Expert
\par Master
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC19}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} commands;Exit;hints;menus;New;passing}
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0004}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Game Menu}
\pard\sa115\sl-275\li115 \b\fs24 Game Menu Commands\plain\fs24 
\par \pard\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b\fs20 Hint\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li115 Suggests a move for you.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115 When you choose Hint, a cross appears over the square the computer would choose if it were its turn to play. You can accept the suggestion or move elsewhere.
\par \pard\sb235\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b Pass\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li115 Skips your turn, giving the move to the computer.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115 You can choose Pass on your first move to force the computer to make the first play. After that, you can only choose Pass when you cannot make a legal move.
\par \pard\sb235\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b New\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li115 Starts a new game.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115 You can start a new game at any time, even before you finish a game.
\par \pard\sb235\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b Exit\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li115 Exits Reversi.
\par \pard\sb115\sa15\sl-235\li115 Related Topics
\par \pard\sl-235\li355\fi-235 \uldb Playing the Game\plain\fs20 {\v TOPIC21}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC20}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Beginner;commands;Expert;Master;menus;Novice;skill levels}
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0005}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Skill Menu}
\pard\sa115\sl-275\li115 \b\fs24 Skill Menu Commands\plain\fs24 
\par \pard\sl-235\li115 \fs20 Skill commands set the skill level at which the computer plays the game. The higher the skill level, the more time the computer spends calculating its moves.
\par \pard\sb235\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b Beginner\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li115 The lowest skill level.
\par \pard\sb235\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b Novice\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li115 The second lowest skill level.
\par \pard\sb235\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b Expert\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li115 The second highest skill level.
\par \pard\sb235\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b Master\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li115 The highest skill level.
\par \pard\sb115\sa15\sl-235\li115 Related Topics
\par \pard\sl-235\li355\fi-235 \uldb Playing the Game\plain\fs20 {\v TOPIC21}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC21}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} cross;hints;legal move;moving;passing;playing Reversi;skill levels;winning}
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0006}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Playing the Game}
\pard\sa115\sl-275\li115 \b\fs24 Playing the Game\plain\fs24 
\par \pard\sl-235\li115 \fs20 The object of Reversi is to finish the game with more of your red circles on the board than the computer has of blue. (Monochrome monitors will show red as white and blue as black.)
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115 Playing Reversi involves:
\par \pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b Choosing a Skill Level\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li355\fi-235\tx355 *\tab Choose a skill level from the Skill menu.
\par \pard\sb35\sl-195\li355 \fs18 The higher the skill level, the longer the computer spends calculating its moves.
\par \pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b\fs20 Making a Move\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li355\fi-235\tx355 1\tab Move the pointer to a free square.
\par \pard\sb35\sl-195\li355 \fs18 The pointer changes to a cross if you can make a legal move. To make a legal move, at least one of the computer's circles must lie in a horizontal, vertical, or diagonal line between one of your existing circles and the square where you want to move.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li355\fi-235\tx355 \fs20 2\tab Click the square where you want to move.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li355 Or press Enter.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li355\fi-235\tx355 3\tab Wait for the computer to move. Then make another move.
\par \pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b Getting a Hint\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li355\fi-235\tx355 *\tab Choose Hint from the Game menu.
\par \pard\sb35\sl-195\li355 \fs18 The hint depends on the skill level selected. At higher skill levels, the computer takes more time before giving a hint. You can accept the suggestion or move elsewhere.
\par \pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b\fs20 Passing Your Turn\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li355\fi-235\tx355 *\tab Choose Pass from the Game menu.
\par \pard\sb35\sl-195\li355 \fs18 You can choose Pass on your first move to force the computer to play first. After that, you cannot choose Pass if you can make a legal move.
\par \pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b\fs20 Starting a New Game\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li355\fi-235\tx355 *\tab Choose New from the Game menu.
\par \pard\sb115\sa15\sl-235\li115 Related Topics
\par \pard\sl-235\li355\fi-235 \uldb Rules of the Game\plain\fs20 {\v TOPIC22}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC22}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} cross;legal move;passing;rules;winning}
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0007}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Rules of the Game}
\pard\sa115\sl-275\li115 \b\fs24 Rules of the Game\plain\fs24 
\par \pard\sa35\sl-235\li115 \b\fs20 Rules of Reversi:\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl-235\li355\fi-235\tx355 1\tab You and the computer play by the same rules.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li355\fi-235\tx355 2\tab To make a legal move, you must choose a square in which the pointer changes to a cross.
\par 3\tab You can choose Pass on your first move to force the computer to play first.
\par 4\tab After your first move, you cannot pass if you can make a legal move.
\par 5\tab If you cannot make a legal move, you must choose Pass from the Game menu.
\par 6\tab When neither you nor the computer can make a move, the game is over.
\par 7\tab The one with the most circles wins.
\par \pard\sb115\sa15\sl-235\li115 Related Topics
\par \pard\sl-235\li355\fi-235 \uldb Playing the Game\plain\fs20 {\v TOPIC21}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC23}
\pard\sl-235\li115 
\par }