{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Helv;}{\f1\fnil Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil Symbol;}{\f3\fnil Arial;}{\f4\fnil Times;}{\f5\fnil Helvetica;}{\f6\fnil Courier;}{\f7\fnil ZapfDingbats;}{\f8\fnil Wingdings;}{\f9\fnil MS Sans Serif;}{\f10\fnil Univers (WN);}}
{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
}\pard\plain
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Contents for Solitaire Help}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} XY58RZ}
\pard\keepn\sb275\sa115\sl-315\li115\ri185 \b\fs24 Contents for Solitaire Help\plain\fs24 
\par \pard\sb175\sa25\li115\ri175 \b\fs20 How To...\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sb55\sa55\li395\ri185\fi-265\tx395 \uldb \{bmc bm0.BMP\} Understand the  Rules of the Game\plain\fs20 {\v %2.NF_ZB} 
\par \uldb \{bmc bm0.BMP\} Change the Card Design\plain\fs20 {\v %HFNGQF} 
\par \uldb \{bmc bm0.BMP\} Play Solitaire by Using the Keyboard\plain\fs20 {\v %6QC1_XM} 
\par \uldb \{bmc bm0.BMP\} Play the Game\plain\fs20 {\v %__SXM9} 
\par \uldb \{bmc bm0.BMP\} Keep Score\plain\fs20 {\v %17LO45O} 
\par \uldb \{bmc bm0.BMP\} Set Game Options\plain\fs20 {\v %118JXVP} 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Understanding the Rules of the Game}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2.NF_ZB}
\pard\sb275\sa115\sl-315\li115\ri175 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} understanding the rules}
\b\fs24 Understanding the Rules of the Game\plain\fs24 
\par \pard\sb115\sa55\li385\ri175\fi-265\tx395 \fs20 \{bmc bm1.BMP\}\tab Solitaire has three game areas: 
\par \pard\sb115\sa55\li395\ri175\fi-275\tx395 \tab The deck in the upper left of the playing area. 
\par \tab Four suit stacks in the upper right of the playing area, which start out empty. 
\par \tab Seven row stacks below the deck and suit stacks. The number of cards in each row stack increases from one to seven, from left to right. The top card of each row stack is face up; the rest are face down. 
\par \pard\sb115\sa55\li385\ri175\fi-265\tx395 \{bmc bm1.BMP\}\tab You draw cards from the deck in the upper left of the playing area and move them to your suit and row stacks. Solitaire shows either one or three cards in the deck, depending on which Draw option you select from the Options dialog box. 
\par \{bmc bm1.BMP\}\tab When you get to the end of the deck, you can "turn the deck over" and continue to draw cards by placing the cursor over the upper-left deck and clicking the mouse.
\par \{bmc bm1.BMP\}\tab You build row stacks in descending order, alternating between red and black cards (light and dark, if you have a black-and-white screen). 
\par \{bmc bm1.BMP\}\tab You can move a card in a row stack to another row stack or to a suit stack if the card below which you place it is one card higher than the one that you intend to move, and of a different suit. 
\par \pard\sb115\sa55\li385\ri175\fi-265\tx395 \{bmc bm1.BMP\}\tab If you uncover a face-down card in a row stack, you can turn the card face up. 
\par \{bmc bm1.BMP\}\tab You can only move a King to an empty row stack. 
\par \{bmc bm1.BMP\}\tab You build suit stacks in ascending order, starting with the Ace. 
\par \{bmc bm1.BMP\}\tab You can move an Ace only to an empty suit stack. 
\par \{bmc bm1.BMP\}\tab You win the game when you have used all the cards in the deck to build the four suit stacks from Ace to King.  For example, you first place an Ace in a suit stack.  Then you must place a two of the same suit over the Ace, then a three, etc. 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Playing Solitaire by Using the Keyboard}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6QC1_XM}
\pard\sb275\sa115\sl-315\li115\ri175 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} keyboard, using}
\b\fs24 Playing Solitaire by Using the Keyboard\plain\fs24 
\par \pard\sb115\sl235\li115\ri175 \fs20 If you don't have a mouse, use the following keys to play Solitaire.
\par \trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-101 \cellx1454\cellx3874\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \b\ul Press\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 To\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-101 \cellx1454\cellx3874\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs16 TAB\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 Move among the deck, suit stacks, and row stacks. \fs16 TAB\fs20  selects a stack only if that stack is applicable to the next move.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-101 \cellx1454\cellx3874\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \fs16 LEFT\fs20  and \fs16 RIGHT ARROW\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 Move to the next stack.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-101 \cellx1454\cellx3874\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \fs16 UP\fs20  and \fs16 DOWN ARROW\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 Move from card to card within the stack.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-101 \cellx1454\cellx3874\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \fs16 ENTER\fs20  or \fs16 SPACEBAR\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 Pick up and release a card or group of cards. \fs16 ENTER\fs20  or \fs16 SPACEBAR\fs20  also turns over a new card in the deck or a stack, and "turns over" the deck itself.\cell\intbl\row
\pard \b\fs24 \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Playing the Game}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} __SXM9}
\pard\sb275\sa115\sl-315\li115\ri175 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} playing Solitaire}
Playing the Game\plain\fs24 
\par \pard\sb115\sl235\li115\ri175 \fs20 The object of Solitaire is to use all the cards in the deck to build up the four suit stacks from Ace to King. Playing Solitaire involves the following procedures. 
\par \pard\sb115\sa25\sl235\li115\ri175 \b To move a card by using a mouse
\par \pard\sb115\sa55\li395\ri175\fi-275\tx395 \plain\fs20 \{bmc bm2.BMP\}\tab From the deck or a stack, drag the card to where you want it, and then release the mouse button. 
\par \tab Or, to move more than one card from a stack, drag the uppermost card you want to move, and then release the mouse button where you want to place the cards. 
\par \tab You can also move a card from a row stack to a suit stack by double-clicking the card. 
\par \pard\sb115\sa25\sl235\li115\ri175 \b To move a card by using the keyboard
\par \pard\sb115\sa55\li395\ri175\fi-275\tx395 \plain\fs20 1.\tab Use \fs16 TAB\fs20  to move to the deck or stack. 
\par 2.\tab Use the \fs16 LEFT\fs20  or \fs16 RIGHT ARROW\fs20  key to select the card, and then press \fs16 ENTER\fs20  or \fs16 SPACEBAR\fs20 . 
\par \tab Or, to move more than one card from a stack, use the \fs16 LEFT\fs20  or \fs16 RIGHT ARROW\fs20  key to move to the stack, and then use the \fs16 UP ARROW\fs20  key to select the uppermost card you want to move. Then press \fs16 ENTER\fs20  or the \fs16 SPACEBAR\fs20 . 
\par 3.\tab If you are moving a card from the deck, press \fs16 TAB\fs20  to quickly move the card to the suit or row stacks. 
\par \pard\sb55\sa115\sl235\li395\ri175\fi-275\tx395 \tab Use the \fs16 LEFT\fs20  or \fs16 RIGHT ARROW\fs20  key to move the card(s) to the stack you want, and then press \fs16 ENTER\fs20  or the \fs16 SPACEBAR\fs20 . 
\par \pard\sb115\sa25\sl235\li115\ri175 \b To cancel your last move
\par \pard\sb115\sa55\sl235\li395\ri175\fi-275\tx395 \plain\fs20 \{bmc bm2.BMP\}\tab From the Game menu, choose Undo. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl235\li115\ri175 You can undo the last card moved or the last card drawn from the deck. 
\par \pard\sb115\sa25\sl235\li115\ri175 \b To turn over a card in a stack or in the deck
\par \pard\sb115\sa55\li395\ri175\fi-275\tx395 \plain\fs20 \{bmc bm2.BMP\}\tab Click the face-down card. 
\par \tab Or use the \fs16 TAB\fs20  and \fs16 LEFT\fs20  or \fs16 RIGHT ARROW\fs20  keys to select the stack or deck, and then press \fs16 ENTER\fs20  or the \fs16 SPACEBAR\fs20 . 
\par \tab Solitaire turns over one or three cards in a deck, depending on whether you select the Draw One or Draw Three option before the game is dealt. 
\par \pard\sb115\sa25\sl235\li115\ri175 \b To turn over the deck
\par \pard\sb115\sa55\li395\ri175\fi-275\tx395 \plain\fs20 \{bmc bm2.BMP\}\tab Click to the left of the deck to turn it over, and then continue drawing cards. 
\par \tab Or use the \fs16 LEFT\fs20  or \fs16 RIGHT ARROW\fs20  key to select the space to the left of the deck, and then press \fs16 ENTER\fs20  or the \fs16 SPACEBAR\fs20 . 
\par \tab If you are using Standard scoring, you lose 20 points for each pass through the deck after three passes (Draw Three option), or 100 points for each pass through the deck after one pass (Draw One option). 
\par \pard\sb115\sa25\sl235\li115\ri175 \b To pause a game
\par \pard\sb115\sa55\li395\ri175\fi-275\tx395 \plain\fs20 \{bmc bm2.BMP\}\tab Click the Minimize button. 
\par \tab Or, from the Control menu, choose Minimize. 
\par \tab Timing stops when the game is paused. 
\par \tab To resume the game, double-click the Solitaire icon at the bottom of the desktop. 
\par \tab Or, if you are using the keyboard, select the Solitaire icon at the bottom of the desktop, and then choose Restore from the Control menu. 
\par \pard\sb115\sa25\sl235\li115\ri175 \b To start a new game
\par \pard\sb115\sa55\li395\ri175\fi-275\tx395 \plain\fs20 \{bmc bm2.BMP\}\tab From the Game menu, choose Deal. 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Changing the Card Design}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HFNGQF}
\pard\sb275\sa115\sl-315\li115\ri175 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} card design, choosing}
\b\fs24 Changing the Card Design\plain\fs24 
\par \pard\sb115\sa55\li395\ri175\fi-275\tx395 \fs20 1.\tab From the Game menu, choose Deck. 
\par 2.\tab Double-click the card design you want. 
\par \tab Or use the arrow keys to select a design, and then press \fs16 ENTER\fs20 . 
\par \pard\sb55\sa115\sl235\li395\ri175\fi-275\tx395 \tab You can change designs at any time. 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Keeping Score}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 17LO45O}
\pard\sb275\sa115\sl-315\li115\ri175 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} scoring, standard system;scoring, Vegas system}
\b\fs24 Keeping Score\plain\fs24 
\par \pard\sb115\sl235\li115\ri175 \fs20 Solitaire has two scoring systems--Standard and Vegas. You select the system you want from the Options dialog box. You can also turn scoring off. Changing the scoring option in the middle of a game ends that game and deals a new one. 
\par In Standard scoring, you earn points based on time and the moves you make. A bonus is awarded when you complete a timed game--the shorter the game, the larger the bonus. You can turn timing off. 
\par Standard scoring awards the following:
\par \trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-101 \cellx1324\cellx3644\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \b\ul Awards\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 For\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-101 \cellx1324\cellx3644\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 10 points\b\ul \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 Each card moved to a suit stack.\b\ul \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-101 \cellx1324\cellx3644\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 5 points\b\ul \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 Each card moved from the deck to a row stack.\b\ul \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-101 \cellx1324\cellx3644\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 -15 points\b\ul \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 Each card moved from a suit stack to a row stack.\b\ul \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-101 \cellx1324\cellx3644\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 -20 points\b\ul \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 Each pass through the deck after three passes (Draw Three option).\b\ul \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-101 \cellx1324\cellx3644\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 -100 points\b\ul \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 Each pass through the deck after one pass (Draw One option).\b\ul \cell\intbl\row
\pard\sb115\sl235\li115\ri175 \plain\fs20 In Vegas scoring, your ante is 52 dollars to begin playing each game. The object is to earn more than you have wagered. There is no time penalty or bonus awarded with Vegas scoring. If you select the Keep Score option in the Options dialog box, you can keep a running total of your score from game to game. 
\par To return your score to 52 dollars, select the None or Standard option in the Options dialog box, and then press \fs16 ENTER\fs20 . Then reselect the Vegas option, and press \fs16 ENTER\fs20 . 
\par Vegas scoring awards the following:
\par \trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-100 \cellx1324\cellx3634\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \b\ul Awards\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 For\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-100 \cellx1324\cellx3634\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 5 dollars\b\ul \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 Each card moved to a suit stack.\b\ul \cell\intbl\row
\pard \plain\b\fs24 \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Setting Game Options}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 118JXVP}
\pard\sb275\sa115\sl-315\li115\ri175 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} game options;scoring options}
Setting Game Options\plain\fs24 
\par \pard\sb115\sl235\li115\ri175 \fs20 You can use several options when playing Solitaire by choosing the Options command from the Game menu. 
\par You can use Draw options to specify how many cards to turn over in the deck. The Draw One option turns over the top card. The Draw Three option turns over three cards. 
\par Scoring options include Standard and Vegas. You can also turn scoring off. 
\par Display options include the following:
\par \trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-100 \cellx1324\cellx3634\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \b\ul Use\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 To\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-100 \cellx1324\cellx3634\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 Timed Game\b\ul \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 Keep track of the time elapsed during a game.\b\ul \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-100 \cellx1324\cellx3634\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 Status Bar\b\ul \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 Display the status bar at the bottom of the Solitaire window to show your score and time.\b\ul \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-100 \cellx1324\cellx3634\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 Keep Score\b\ul \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 Keep a running total of your score from game to game when using Vegas scoring.\b\ul \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trqc\trgaph109\trleft-100 \cellx1324\cellx3634\pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 Outline Dragging\b\ul \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 Display an outline of the card being moved, and change the color of the space or card you are moving to (if the move is valid).\b\ul \cell\intbl\row
\pard\sb115\sl235\li115 \plain\fs20 
\par }